This document outlines the ways our application follows or may follow the 7 principles of universal design.

1. Equitable Use
This application does not, and is not capable of segregating or stigmatizing users. All features except for admin
features are equally available for all, and the means of use is identical to all. The design could be more appealing,
but we believe that the white on black console text has a certain charm when it comes to ASCII art.

2. Flexibility in Use
Our application as of phase 2 supports three different languages to the benefit of those who prefer Mandarin or Spanish.
We intended to complete an android ui, and that would have created a whole new domain of choice in methods of use. Using
left or right hand does not affect the enjoyment of our application. Because the application currently only supports
keyboard input, the use does not need a high degree of precision to use our program, and in terms of accuracy if the
user makes a mistake we allow them to try inputting again. Additionally, we designed our android UI to be as easy to use
as possible, with buttons and text being large and easy to select. Pace is irrelevant due to the nature of our
application.

3. Simple and Intuitive Use
We sought to make our program as simple and intuitive as possible. We made an effort to organize options and views in
such a way that it fits the user's expectations. Changing username belongs in the profile options, viewing art requires
you to go to your wallet menu.etc. We also cut as much complexity as possible, opting to keep the user interface as
simple as possible. The usage of our program does not require much skill beyond the ability to read, and we attempt to
give feed back after user actions, such as the special error messages on the PC client and the TOAST popups on android.

4. Perceptible Information
We attempted to make our program as legible as possible. We went as far as reasonably possible on the PC console client,
choosing to reduce unnecessary elements as much as possible, and dividing the menus of different actions to increase
legibility. All our options are numbered to simplify user input and giving directions. On our incomplete android client.
Are buttons are large and contrasts strongly with the background, and each button is labelled to reduce confusion.
Our program does not cater to those with visual impairment, in the future we could integrated a screen reader software
to service those people.

5. Tolerance for Error
Our UI is arranged in such a way that individual users are unable to harm themselves. Additionally, elements are
separated to reduce the likelihood of misinputting information. Due to the nature of our application there is no true
harm or hazard that can arise from the usage of the application.

6. Low Physical Effort
We designed the UI to only require the most basic input from the user, this means that the user can operate the
application in whatever way they are most comfortable with as long as they can use the keyboard and see the screen.
We intended the android UI to further this principle, as it will allow the user to interact with the application simply
by using their phones.

7. Size and Space for Approach and Use.
We arranged the UI with ease of use in mind. There is little clutter and all actions and components are immediately
available for the user. Regardless of the user's body size, posture, or mobility. As long as the user is able to sit in
front of a computer and use a keyboard, they are able to use our application. If we had gotten our android component to
function as intended, the user would not even need to use a keyboard or sit.